Hello, everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
I think plenty of people already know this, but
on the 16th of March (Fri),
my
first photo album
is going to be released for sale! Yay~!
So!
The marketing demon, Kizuna AI,
will be giving advice about
how to sell this photo album to
the bookstore staff
all across Japan!
Please sell my book!
I’m counting on you!
Getting right into it,
sell the Kizuna AI’s photo album just like this!
Yeah, like this~!
First of all!
Make sure you display the books face up!
Second!
Please divide them into the culture, art, and academic genre sections!
Third!
Make them draw your eye with a POP!
"What on earth should I do to make them draw someone's eye?"
you there thought!
Yes, you!
Might as well tell you!
In this video, Kizuna AI, herself will show you
the way of sales promotion POP!
This is very special!
This is actually gonna cost me, y'know?!
A.I.Channel
[ This seems fake,
they're selling so fast ]
(Reference: “Touch” manga)
I want to try my best so you're able to say things like that!
Take that, Nagahama Neru-chan!
Just kidding
[ Please tell people, “I was watching A.I.Channel” at the register ]
The employees will say
“Ah,
I’ve seen her too!”
Probably?
[ Fully-naked ban ]
No!
I’m not lying!
[ 2D…? No, she’s real! ]
I...
do exist, after all!
[ Can’t decide whether to buy it or not? What a waste of a second! Just buy it! ]
Even if you regret buying it,
we don’t accept returns!
[ I’m sorry.
Truly. ]
You think I’m just joking around, huh?
I’m serious!
[ Hello, thank you for your purchase! ]
Huh?
You’ll buy it, right?
So, how was it?
Will this be valuable to you?
Mmm! Mmm!
Isn’t that right?
Ahhh!
Now you’ll be selling
my photo albums like crazy~
I want to film a video
Like an assault against the people buying them too!
Someone please...
get me out of here!
Also,
everyone please buy my photo album!
Please!
Ah!
This...
isn’t a book of illustrations.
It’s a photo album!
So
please put it into the photo album section as well!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles, Loserbait